Rostov-on-Don resident Igor Pugach
Today is happy to wait when it turns out
silent company with a spiky character
such an environment he chose himself
more precisely painstakingly collected spending it
for many years as a learned Svyatoslav garden
Former engineer and now the owner
large cacti collection in Russia
managed to find an approach and force
bloom even the most and sixth copies
among the warehouses of various rusty
units here in this greenhouse
is the largest in the country
cactus collection greenhouse it was built
sometime to plant tomatoes between
the rest is downtown actually igor
Pugach by profession engineer but his work
this
succulents and cacti they are also his hobby
prescribes seeds grows a plant and
Now he has 1200 species
it is not only the habitual thorny ball and
there is a plant like a stone if
no flowers can be stepped on them and not
understand what it turned out to be
cacti similar to sea urchin but
only without needles in nature not
meet them brought out artificially about
this set
Igor is ready to tell yet
stop his collection is considered
the largest private in the whole country she
even more than the one that is collected in Rostov
the botanical garden here I have become 24
24 tablespoons in each table
the bowls can be there 100,200 species all
started with a pair of ordinary cacti on
old apartment they are often treated
how to weed and Igor they have bloomed
then he got into the amateur society
cacti and students already spent
scholarship for all new plants
about brownies on the market and immediately bought
the seeds of the pots and the ground almost all of it
collection is grown from seed i when
came to the club for the first time lovers of all
I am told I will have a mistress how
called me my mother says range
Gotta I like my God how are you all
I will never remember in my life
know this in two or three years I already
knew all the plants of this cactus half a century
gift of one collector and he is
big in the collection usually igor
collects miniature plants like these
in one tray hundreds of them by the way these fleeces
the most common type of feline
toilets but
empirically set for spiny
collections on such a scale they fit
the best thing
Igor says reread in his time
many books about cacti but only later
understood what and how to do everything
racks and shelves made himself brewed himself
greenhouse heating pipes when in bloom
flowers they bloom only three there 3-4 days
c pack disclosed from these three four days
you need time to perry to pollinate these flowers
then they will not give
berries
how many people love cactus probably
no one thought but igor and his assistants
often send their plants by mail to
different corners
they say once their cacti suffered
Moving to Khabarovsk to minus 23 from Igor
pugacha no favorite like tucson list
plants that he would like to add in
the collection is still great is always free
Sergey Smirnov Alexander Novikov
TV companies NTV
Rostov-on-Don